Update release note release overview section for v1.5.0 (#2749)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.5.md

### Added

#### TODO: [#899](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/899) - Added support for grouping of Custom Fields

#### TODO: [#1892](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1892) - Added `DeviceRedundancyGroup` model for representing a logical grouping of physical hardware for the purposes of high-availability

> #### TODO: [#2536](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/2536) - Added `nautobot-server generate_test_data` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [#2536](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/2536) - Added `nautobot-server generate_test_data` command
```

A new management command, [`nautobot-server generate_test_data`](../administration/nautobot-server.md#generate_test_data), has been added that can be used to populate the Nautobot database with various data as a baseline for manual or automated testing. This is now used internally by Nautobot's unit testing suite to create a synthetic data set that looks and feels like real data with randomly-generated values. Most importantly, the objects are created with all of the fields fully and correctly populated, to assert that each object in the database is properly exercising all features.

!!! warning
    Be very cautious about running this command on your server instance. It is not intended to be used in production environments and will result in data loss.

### Added

> #### TODO: [#899](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/899) - Added support for grouping of Custom Fields

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Custom Field Grouping [#899](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/899)

Custom fields can now be assigned to a free-text "grouping" to improve usability when a large number of custom fields are defined on a given model. In the UI, fields in the same grouping will be grouped together, and groupings can be expanded/collapsed for display purposes.
```
